Rough functional specification. Design and implement an app with the following functionality. The app starts off with a main activity containing a welcome text and two buttons.
The two buttons are arranged vertically (i.e., with button 1 above button 2) when the device is
in portrait mode and horizontally (i.e., with button 1 to the left of button 2) when the device is
in landscape mode. Either way, the welcome text is centered in the display above the buttons.
The first button opens a new activity in which a user can enter a phone number, whose
format is either without punctuation (as in 3125551212) or using parentheses, an optional space
and a mandatory dash to separate the various groups of digits (e.g., as in (312) 555-1212). No
other formats are accepted.


The second activity must check that the number entered by the user is in one of the two legal
formats. The activity returns a result code to the first activity indicating whether a number
is the proper format was entered. If a proper number was entered, the first activity opens the
existing Phone app built-in the mobile device and displays the number that was entered by the
user, but without making the call.
Use toast messages, e.g., to indicate that the phone number entered by the user was not in
a legal format or that the user did not conform to the button pressing protocol above.
Project deliverables. You are required to use at least two LLMs for this assignment. You
are responsible for the following items.
1. A refined spec for your project. In the refined spec, make sure to spell out the exact syntax
behavior of your app, especially in corner cases (e.g., an incorrect number entered or the
second button pressed before the first button)
2. The Java code for implementing the app. This code must comply with your refined spec.
3. A brief prerecorded video in which you explain how your code works. The maximum
duration of the video is 180 seconds.
4. A short report (less than 1 page) on your use of LLMs. What LLMs did you use? For
what purpose did you use LLMs (e.g., code generation vs. spec refinement)? How accurate
were the results you received from your prompts?


Your submission will be graded according to the following criteria:
1. The completeness of the specs.
2. Code compliance with your specs.
3. Accuracy of your video
4. Ability to use LLMs effectively and assess LLM results
Implementation notes. Create an instance of the Toast class with the static message
makeText(), which takes as input 3 arguments. You can then display the toast by calling
method show() on the instance. See the online documentation for additional details.
Use the QUERY_ALL_PACKAGES permission to allow your app to access the Phone app on the
device. Use an EditText widget to enter the number in the second activity. When defining a
listener for the edit text, implement Java interface TextView.OnEditorActionListener . Read
the Android documentation on the TextView class in order to define the listener.
Android platform. For this project use a Pixel 9 AVD running Android 16–API 36 that
you downloaded for Homework 1. You are not required to provide backward compatibility with
previous Android versions.


Submission instructions. You must work alone on this project. Submit the entire Studio
project as a zip archive using the submission link in the assignment’s page on Blackboard. No
late submissions will be accepted.