Design and code two new Android apps, A1 and A2 meant to work together on an Android
phone or tablet running version Android 16 (API level 36). The first app helps visitors in
Chicago decide on points of interest in the city. The second app has specific information about
the points of interest.


1. App A1 defines an activity containing two read-only text views and two buttons. The
buttons, when selected, will first show a short toast message, then broadcast two different
implicit intents (e.g., attractions and restaurants) depending on the button pressed. The
text views describe the meaning of the buttons to the device user.


2. Application A2 receives the intents. Depending on the kind of intent that was received,
A2 will launch one of two activities. The first activity (attractions) displays information
about 5 points of interest in the city of Chicago, Illinois (e.g., the Lincoln Park Zoo, Navy
Pier, the Museum of Science and Indutry, the Art Institute, the TILT!, etc.) The second
activity shows at least 5 restaurants located within Chicago's city limits. Both activities
contain two fragments, whose behavior is described below. In addition, application A2
maintains an options menu and an action bar. The action bar shows the name of the
application (your choice) and the overflow area. The options menu allows a device user to
switch between attractions and restaurants. This menu should be clearly accessible from
the overflow area.


Each of the two activities in A2 contains two fragments. The first fragment displays a list
(either the attractions or the restaurants, depending on the activity). The device user may
select any item from either list; the currently selected item will stay highlighted until another
item is selected. The second fragment shows the official web site of the highlighted item using
a WebView widget.


Your apps should display optimally in landscape mode. You need not make provisions to
display the apps differently in portrait mode. Regardless of the mode, the activities in A2
initially show only the first fragment across the entire width of the screen. As soon as a user
selects an item, the first fragment is "shrunk" to about 1/3 of the screen's width. This fragment
will appear in the left-hand side of the screen, with the second fragment taking up the remaining
2/3 of the display on the right. Pressing the "back" button will return the activity to its initial
configuration. The action bar should be displayed at all times regardless of whether the device
is in portrait or landscape mode.

Finally, the state of application A2 should be retained across device reconfigurations, e.g.,
when the device is switched from landscape to portrait mode and vice versa. This means that
the selected list item (in the first fragment) and the page displayed in the second fragment will
be kept during configuration changes.
