Rough functional specification. Design and code an Android app that displays infor-
mation about movies. The app’s main activity displays a grid whose cells contain a thumbnail
picture of a movie poster above the title of the movie. For instance, a grid cell could contain a
thumbnail showing a poster of the movie “Stranger than Fiction” above the title of the movie.
Feel free to choose how to fit the pictures into thumbnails appearing in your grid view (e.g.
whether to scale the picture or not) but make sure not to alter the aspect ratio of the poster.
Make sure that thumbnails are separated by thin spaces (no more than 10 dp) uniformly on all
four sides when the grid is displayed on a Pixel 9 device. Also, size the thumbnails appropriately,
e.g., using 2 or 3 columns in portrait mode. You must include enough thumbnails to fill at least
most of a Pixel’s display with your picture grid (i.e., at least 8 cells if using two columns).
Each grid cell supports two kinds of functionality, depending on whether an app viewer
performs a short vs. a long click on the cell. A short click brings up a new activity that shows
the entire poster of the selected movie on the entire device display. This picture must be a higher
resolution and bigger than the thumbnail displayed for the same movie in the grid activity. The
user can return to the grid view by selecting the “back” soft button on the phone. If, instead,
a user clicks anywhere on the displayed picture, you must open a browser activity showing the
iMDB page of the selected movie. For instance, if your app shows a poster of the movie “Stranger
than Fiction” , your app should bring up the iMDB web page of the movie.
A long click on a grid cell of the main activity brings up a “context menu” showing the
following three options for the car under consideration: (1) View the entire movie poster (similar
to a short click); (2) Show the Rotten Tomatoes page for the movie; and (3) bring up a l web
page of streaming service (e.g., Amazon Prime, Netflix, etc.) where the movie can be purchased.
Project deliverables. You are required to use at least two LLMs for this assignment. You
are responsible for the following items.
1. A refined spec for your project. In the refined spec, make sure to spell out the formatting
of grid cells (e.g., whether square or oblong) and of the overall grid (e.g., the number of
movies and colums in the grid).
2. The Java code for implementing the app. This code must comply with your refined spec.
3. A brief prerecorded video in which you explain how your code works. The maximum
duration of the video is 180 seconds.
4. A short report (less than 1 page) on your use of LLMs. What LLMs did you use? For
what purpose did you use LLMs (e.g., code generation vs. spec refinement)? How accurate
were the results you received from your prompts?
Your submission will be graded according to the following criteria:
1. The completeness of the specs.
2. Code compliance with your specs.
3. Accuracy of your video
4. Ability to use LLMs effectively and assess LLM results
Android platform. For this project use a Pixel 9 AVD running Android 16–API 36 that
you downloaded for Homework 1. You are not required to provide backward compatibility with
previous Android versions. Make sure that your app displays best in portrait mode; you are not
required to support landscape mode.
Submission instructions. You must work alone on this project. Submit all four deliver-
ables as a single zip archive using the submission link in the assignment’s page on Blackboard.
Your app code should be in a zip file contained in the project archive. No late submissions will
be accepted.